---
layout: post
title: Issue 5
---
## News

## Tools

## Open Source Project of the Week
#### [RoboGuice 2.0](http://code.google.com/p/roboguice/)
This is one of those indispensable Android libraries that you will find yourself using in most if not all of your projects. The new 2.0 version now comes with full support for Fragments, among many other changes and improvements. From the website:
> RoboGuice 2 smoothes out some of the wrinkles in your Android development experience and makes things simple and fun. Do you always forget to check for null when you getIntent().getExtras()? RoboGuice 2 will help you. Think casting findViewById() to a TextView shouldn’t be necessary? RoboGuice 2 is on it.

> RoboGuice 2 takes the guesswork out of development. Inject your View, Resource, System Service, or any other object, and let RoboGuice 2 take care of the details.

> RoboGuice 2 slims down your application code. Less code means fewer opportunities for bugs. It also makes your code easier to follow -- no longer is your code littered with the mechanics of the Android platform, but now it can focus on the actual logic unique to your application.

> There’s no “magic”. Everything you need is configured explicitly for you by RoboGuice 2 or can be overridden by you.

## Code

#### [What API Level Should I Target?](http://simonvt.net/2012/02/07/what-api-level-should-i-target/)
Read this article to get a better understanding of *android:minSdkVersion*, *android:maxSdkVersion*, *android:targetSdkVersion* and build target and what each should be set to for your app. ([#](https://plus.google.com/108284392618554783657/posts/LaHVTVHoHRe))

## Design

## Business

#### [How to Market and Promote your Games and Apps: Part 4 / 4](http://www.raywenderlich.com/11794/how-to-market-and-promote-your-games-and-apps-part-4)

## Books
#### [Professional Android 4 Application Development by Reto Meier](http://blog.radioactiveyak.com/p/professional-android-4-application.html)
Google's own Reto Meier has a new Android development book available targeting Ice Cream Sandwich. See link above for availability on various book markets.
> Including in-depth coverage for experienced Android developers, while also covering the fundamentals that novice developers need to get started, this book walks you through a series of increasingly sophisticated projects, each introducing a new Android platform feature and highlighting the techniques and best practices that will help you write compelling Android apps.


## Miscellaneous

